chore: add director duties and responsibilities (#614)
asyncapi/community: GOVERNANCE.md

|---|---|
|Email|fmvilas@gmail.com|
|AsyncAPI Slack|Fran Méndez (User ID: `U34F2JRRS`)|
|GitHub|https://github.com/fmvilas|
|Mastodon|https://social.fmvilas.me/@fran|

### Duties and Responsibilities

Among others, the duties and responsibilities of the Executive Director are the following:

* Make sure the [charter](./CHARTER.md) is respected.
* Make sure AsyncAPI is a safe and inclusive community for everyone to thrive.
* Make sure AsyncAPI is economically viable, i.e., get more sponsors or other ways of funding.
* Safely hold all the passwords of the services AsyncAPI uses.
* Guarantee everyone who needs it (and has the right to) has access to the services AsyncAPI uses.

> * Make sure that regularly sucessions of the Executive Director are done through a transparent voting process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure that regular successions of the Executive Director are done through a transparent voting process.
```

Reviewer 2: A question occurred to me that we should clarify before merging.

what are regular successions? I'm sure dictators never think they've been in power too long 😂😂

Reviewer: well, we never did it before so it is not specified as we do not know.

in case of community management my initial proposal was 12months, but who knows, maybe after 12 months with Thulie we figure we need to extend it to at least 24months as changes in OSS take longer time.

My statement for today is: I'm willing to do it next 24 months max. After 12 months provide a summary of my work and see if we need change, and start working with TSC on how we do election long term, again ED or like other large communities have board of people. It is hard to predict how we will grow in next 24months

Reviewer 2: 1. Nicely put; I find myself agreeing with your points shared!

1. We should still add some timeframe goals to shoot for, even with examples and detailing concerns like what you wrote here. In this, too, we owe accountability to the community. 💪🏿

Reviewer 2: > well, we never did it before

Never a reason to make a decision 😄

|AsyncAPI Slack|Fran Méndez (User ID: `U34F2JRRS`)|

> |Github|https://github.com/fmvilas|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|GitHub|https://github.com/fmvilas|
```

|Mastodon|https://social.fmvilas.me/@fran|

### Duties and Responsibilities

Among others, the duties and responsibilities of the Executive Director are the following:

* Make sure the [charter](./CHARTER.md) is respected.
* Make sure AsyncAPI is a safe and inclusive community for everyone to thrive.

> * Make sure AsyncAPI is economically viable, i.e., get more sponsors or other ways of funding.

Reviewer: if this sentence covers discussion with companies that fund not by donations of money, but services, then it is good, otherwise we need separate sentence I guess

Author: I think it does but we can make it more explicit if you want.

Reviewer: maybe `or other ways of funding, like, for example free services` ?

* Safely hold all the passwords of the services AsyncAPI uses.
* Guarantee everyone who needs it (and has the right to) has access to the services AsyncAPI uses.

> 

Author: Anything else? Please help me complete this list :)

Reviewer: I think one of the most important duties is that ED must make sure that regular successions are done as well through transparent voting process
